I didn't even know my body could do this
let's try two submissions
don't try this at home but this is
insane the reason why my shoulder didn't
explode is because I actually trained my
internal rotation a couple sets of 30
seconds works this is an inside heel
hook one of the most dangerous positions
in jiu jitsu
I'm being controlled here
did you do it to me and it's in here
yeah so you're gonna very lightly hip up
and then extend backwards so I'll let
you know if when I feel it or not so if
I put my hip into it yeah yeah like I
can even see my knee move when you drink
it just like you you just did look at
look at this part of the knee just start
to kind of like move and shift oh my
gosh yes any good ballet dancer knows
that turnout drills help a lot
[Music]
that's insane stay flexy